I won't bathe yet,
I'll help you wash.
No, no, no, you've misunderstood,
I wouldn't dare trouble you.
I'll go bathe first.
You can't escape the bathroom,
no matter how hard you try.
Perhaps I should feign illness.
Yes, I apologize.
Where are you going?
I'm going to the restroom.
Jin Lili, I never touched you,
not even a finger,
why are you so afraid?
I haven't touched you at all,
then why the repeated
forced kisses?
Why am I so terrified of her?
Doesn't she realize it herself?
She's prone to violence,
committing acts of brutality,
every action she takes
is frightening.
Your tattoo is quite intimidating.
Really?
Yes.
Hou Jiuling, what are you doing?